Minor fix to Deep's description (#9982)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/map planets.txt

	attributes fishing south
	landscape land/sea3
	description `Deep is a sparsely populated world of small island archipelagos surrounded by vast expanses of empty ocean. There is not enough land for any large cities or serious industry to emerge, so most of the inhabitants live in small fishing villages. The climate is temperate and Earth-like, but the sunlight is somewhat dimmer than you are used to.`

> 	description `	The fishing settlements are actually the second colonization attempt on this planet. In the early days of the hyperdrive the Kingsburg Corporation sent out what was then one of the largest and most technologically advanced colonization fleets, penetrating deep into the then-unexplored southern galactic rim. After two centuries of sporadic and guarded contact, the colony fell silent, and when human expansion finally reached this area again, no trace of the original colony was found.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `	The fishing settlements are actually the second colonization attempt on this planet. In the early days of hyperspace travel the Kingsburg Corporation sent out what was then one of the largest and most technologically advanced colonization fleets, penetrating deep into the then-unexplored southern galactic rim. After two centuries of sporadic and guarded contact, the colony fell silent, and when human expansion finally reached this area again, no trace of the original colony was found.`
```
